what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose so today is
the morning of my first exam in my third
year of medical school I'm just doing
some last-minute revision going through
a bunch of random little facts that I
just have to memorize before I walk into
the test I've got everything ready you
know my see-through pencil case and my
pens papers erasers etc I've been
studying for about two weeks now with
the last week or so being pretty
intensive so I'm really excited to get
this exam over and done with anyways
I've only got a couple of hours before I
need to leave the house I'm gonna do a
little bit more studying make some food
relax and I'll catch up with you guys
later
[Music]
alright enough of that so I think I'm
done reading my notes before I go to
this exam I don't really like to study
too much right before the test cuz it
just sort of freaks me out and gives me
a bit of anxiety but what I do like to
do this close to the exam is test my
knowledge so I'm gonna go through pass
paper questions MCQs and things like
that just to make sure that I actually
know everything that I've been studying
this whole time if I was there does
anybody else do that so I'm gonna leave
the house now and I'll catch up with you
guys after the test hey guys so I'm back
home now sorry I didn't really film
anything while I was out and about today
I'm all done with the exam and
thankfully I think it went okay it went
well so after the exam we went to one of
the local pubs how to drink and chilled
and of course I just can't help myself I
always want to discuss every single
question I can possibly remember from
the test a lot of people don't hear
anything about the exam when it's done
and other people like myself want to
talk about every single question and try
and figure out if I got it right or
wrong so yeah I definitely fall into the
second category of those two anyway so
it did not for a couple of hours got to
chill with everyone from uni so I think
I'm just gonna take the rest of the
night off enjoy myself chill relax and
yeah we'll pick up the vlog and continue
tomorrow
good night and I'll see you in a sec
[Music]
all right and I think that is about as
much tidying but I'm gonna do in my room
feel like I've set up the scene as best
as I can so if you guys couldn't tell
already I've woken up this morning and I
feel really inspired to record a video
so that's what I'm gonna do right now
that's gonna take a couple of hours so
I'm gonna get started and I will catch
up with you in a bit I'm chilling here
with dr. fector you guys might know him
as the founder of hermetic life he's
treated me to a lovely evening of coffee
we've been chilling and chatting about
all kinds of different things definitely
go check him out on his he's such a
solid guy he's really trying to help
other students get into medical school
and he's doing a really good thing he
one follow us support him and show him
some love
today is Wednesday which means I don't
have anything scheduled like clinical
placements at the hospital or tutorials
lectures workshops at University this
vlog is starting a little bit late in
the day it's currently almost 2 p.m.
I spend the morning filming two YouTube
videos which you guys will see up on the
channel soon so subscribe if you haven't
already so I've decided to stay home
today and get a hand on a couple of
things that I want to do anyways I'm
about starring in ten studying session
taking notes on my iPad and I'll explain
everything that we're gonna do today but
first let me grab some coffee and a
snack
[Music]
all right guys so I'm fine I've got my
snack on my coffee at the ready now to
talk about what we actually have to do
today let me show you guys all right so
these are the set of lectures that we
had on Monday and then these are the
lectures that we're going to have
tomorrow on Thursday now since I don't
actually attend the lectures in person I
don't need to wait till tomorrow to
actually go to the lecture in order to
cover that material I can just start
doing it right now
and that's exactly what I'm gonna do so
on Monday I already covered lectures 1
to 12 and now I'm gonna cover lectures
12 to 18 the way that I'm gonna cover
these lectures is using our online
lecture capture program so all the
lectures that have been at King's
College London in medical school get
recorded and uploaded online and what we
have here on the left is the lecture
slide and then on the right is a video
feed of the actual classroom so that you
can see the professor if he's making any
hand gestures or if he's pointing to
anything maybe he's explaining something
using a prop we still get to see all of
that when we watch the lecture from home
so right now in third year of medical
school I'm covering the vascular Blanc
and some of the upcoming lectures I'm
gonna cover now are not to me of the
heart and its valves then we have
diuretics beta blockers ACE inhibitors
etc so blood pressure medication or
hypertension medication then
resynchronization and cardioversion and
end-of-life care yeah guys I'm just
gonna get started going through these
lectures one by one taking notes on my
iPad and I'll put up a screen recording
of my iPad somewhere over here so you
guys can follow along and I will catch
up with you in just a second
[Music]
and while I'm here I want to give a
quick shout out to the sponsor of
today's video paper like paper like is
of course the screen protector that I
use on my iPad helps protect my iPad
from scratches and also from my greasy
fingerprints after I've been riding on
it for a whole day for example just the
other day I scratched my iPad really
badly and thank God I had a screen
protector on it I'm not sure if you guys
can pick that up in the video and if I
didn't have the screen protector there
well then that would be a scratch in my
1000 pound screen as the name implies it
makes writing or drawing on an iPad feel
like paper which is something that I
really enjoyed I prefer riding on the
iPad with that little bit more traction
than you would get if you were just
riding directly on the glass if you want
to learn more about the paper like
screen protector I'll leave links in the
description down below and in a pinned
comment as well anyways let's jump right
back into the video
alright guys that tail all caught up now
on the lectures for the vascular block
which is really great because now I've
covered 50% of the material that's gonna
come up on our big exam that we have in
January so I'm gonna take a quick break
from studying let's go out for a chat on
the balcony in awhile since we've had a
child here on the balcony I really
missed it I just wanted to take a moment
to reflect sort of on the videos that
I've been making over the last month or
two ever since I started third year
medical school you guys have been
showing me some incredible support on
pretty much every video I've uploaded
some of the videos have done extremely
extremely well better than I could have
ever imagined yeah I just wanted to say
thank you I mean I could have never
imagined that people would actually be
interested in watching me and my videos
and not only you guys watching them you
guys are leaving me wonderful comments
you guys are sending me really really
nice messages over on Instagram and yeah
it's just something that I wanted to
know that I really appreciate and I'm
really really enjoying this I'm not
gonna lie it's getting pretty cold out
here I think winter is finally coming to
London the Sun is poking its head out
every now and again but not often enough
and Steffan not keeping us warm gonna
have to start whipping out the big fat
winter jacket soon anyways that's head
back inside and I'll update you on the
plans for the rest of the evening
alright guys so I did a bunch of other
work-related things and it's taking us
to about 5:00 p.m. and as you can see
from the door outside it is absolutely
pitch black before today now I finished
all the lectures in the trauma section
so if I'm gonna start doing more
lectures it's gonna be starting a whole
new topic a whole new block and I don't
really feel like doing that right now
for a couple of hours because I've
already made plans for the rest of the
evening
[Music]
it is currently 7:15 in the morning it
is way too early right now I'm up
because we have early morning teaching
at the hospital before the day of
clinical placement starts let me show
you guys what I'm up to today so this is
my time table over here it's a.m. Monday
in week 1 so I'm going to be sitting in
with the cardiology nurse for the entire
morning and then in the afternoon I'm
going to be in the cardiology outpatient
so I'm sure I'm gonna see a lot of
interesting things today but the
hospital is about an hour away from here
so I should probably get going I've got
a bit of a long day ahead of me so after
clinical placement I'm gonna need my
lungs and also my iPad so since our last
exam in medical school we've had a nice
two-week break from clinical placement
where we've only had lectures seen these
lectures were covering all the material
that we're hopefully going to be seeing
over the next couple of weeks on our
different clinical blocks I'm really
excited to get back to clinical
placement it was a good break to not
have such a hectic schedule for a little
bit but I've missed talking to patients
I've missed being on the wards and
seeing what it really goes on in a
hospital so I'm excited that I'm going
back
[Music]
I obviously will be able to film
anything when I'm at the hospital so
I'll catch up with you guys at lunch
time hey guys so just finished morning
teaching and then took a little bit of a
break for lunch just found a little
quiet area outside of the hospital to
sit down and chat for five minutes so
for this morning's clinical activity I
was following an ACS nurse which stands
for acute coronary syndrome nurse and
basically what we were doing was
following around the consultant on the
ward round providing any extra
information to the patients after the
main ward round was non double checking
that the patients understood all of the
information that was given to them and
that they knew what they were gonna do
moving forward and today's teaching was
excellent because the consultant that we
were with was just such a good teacher
he really took the time to explain
everything that was going on very slowly
very simply and sort of help us as
medical students work through how he was
reaching different diagnoses other
differentials that we should think about
and honestly he was just fantastic and I
think that's what makes a very good
learning experience for medical students
on the wards so yeah this clinical
placement was a success I'm gonna go to
the cardiology outpatient clinic and I
will catch up with you guys when that is
done
monster may come to a fairly empty to
finish my afternoon teaching I'm gonna
have to count this now and do a couple
hours of work before we have a revision
session later on in the evening well
catch up with you guys on the journey
and once we get to campus
all right finally made it back to campus
I'm gonna head to the library for a
couple of hours to get some work done
but first I definitely need some coffee
but before that getting a quick meal
deal from Tesco
[Music]
yep alright guys so I am finally home it
is almost a p.m. it's been a very long
day a lot has happened funny story
at some point the consultant in the next
room knocks on the door while there's a
consultation going on and he looks at me
and he's just like come quick come quick
so I'm like okay fine so I get up and I
go straight to the other room and he's
like have a listen to this patients
chest but I realize I don't have this
telescope around my neck because I left
it in my bag there so I asked the
consultant if I could borrow his
stethoscope and he just looks at me in
front of the patients and he's like you
didn't bring a stethoscope with you I'm
so sorry
the other room yeah I usually have my
stethoscope around my neck but I was in
a different room listening to different
patients with a different consultant I
didn't expect that I have to bring it
with me when you called me out anyways
that was pretty funny and I kind of
laughed it off for it his stethoscope
and listen to the patient's chest
she had a systolic murmur anyways while
I have you here you guys may have
noticed this cheeky little Amazon
package in the background we're gonna
open it on camera right electricity box
like a cables box I'm gonna be doing a
room tour soon then I'm definitely gonna
need to clean up my cable game and then
secondly and very exciting me is this
Manfrotto baseplate so what this allows
you to do is take your camera on and off
of different filming devices very
quickly like I said it's a p.m. I'm not
gonna be doing much more that's
interesting probably gonna cook some
dinner and then do some administrative
stuff that I need to do answer some
emails do some research for equipment
projects and things like that so I think
I'm gonna end the vlog here I hope you
guys have enjoyed this sort of mash up
of different days I know it hasn't been
as continuous as my usual vlogs but I
think you guys will still enjoy the
content it's still interesting and shows
different parts of medical school so
hope you guys have enjoyed the vlog if
you did please do leave a like on it and
leave me a comment down below telling me
what you think and also subscribe to my
channel see more content from me in the
future thank you so much for watching
and I will see you in the next one peace